+++
aliases = ["/post/107860012528/braid"]
date = 2015-01-12T03:59:38Z
id = "107860012528"
slug = "braid"
title = "Braid"
type = "tumblr-link"

[tumblr]
blog_name = "indirect"
can_blaze = false
can_like = false
can_reblog = false
can_reply = false
can_send_in_message = true
date = "2015-01-12 03:59:38 GMT"
description = "<p>The best analysis of Braid I&rsquo;ve ever read:</p>\n\n<blockquote> Maybe some of us are Tim. And we don’t want to be Tim, whatever the cost. […] Tim wanted the candy, but she wouldn’t let him have it. He felt entitled to it, he got violent over it as best he could. And when he couldn’t have it, he grew to resent her for taunting him with it, even though to her it was just the usual route home.</blockquote>\n\n<p>With an insightful Twitter postscript 6 months later:</p>\n\n<blockquote>one thing i&rsquo;d overlooked: the epilogue makes clear that tim was searching for the princess even when they were still together.</blockquote>\n\n<p>— <a href=\"https://twitter.com/eevee/status/554409073962000386\">@eevee</a></p>"
display_avatar = true
format = "markdown"
id = 107860012528.0
id_string = "107860012528"
interactability_blaze = "everyone"
interactability_reblog = "everyone"
is_blaze_pending = false
is_blazed = false
is_blocks_post_format = false
note_count = 0.0
post_url = "https://indirect.io/post/107860012528/braid"
publisher = "eev.ee"
reblog_key = "TXgS8STH"
short_url = "https://tmblr.co/ZY3jby1aSzItm"
should_open_in_legacy = true
slug = "braid"
state = "published"
summary = "Braid"
timestamp = 1421035178.0
title = "Braid"
type = "link"
url = "http://eev.ee/blog/2014/05/25/braid/"

[tumblr.blog]
can_show_badges = false
description = ""
name = "indirect"
title = "indirect"
updated = 1740184206.0
url = "https://indirect.io/"
uuid = "t:PgyUJU3SA2Klwyt81UWAwQ"

[tumblr.blog.tumblrmart_accessories]

[tumblr.reblog]
comment = "<p>The best analysis of Braid I’ve ever read:</p>\n\n<blockquote> Maybe some of us are Tim. And we don’t want to be Tim, whatever the cost. […] Tim wanted the candy, but she wouldn’t let him have it. He felt entitled to it, he got violent over it as best he could. And when he couldn’t have it, he grew to resent her for taunting him with it, even though to her it was just the usual route home.</blockquote>\n\n<p>With an insightful Twitter postscript 6 months later:</p>\n\n<blockquote>one thing i’d overlooked: the epilogue makes clear that tim was searching for the princess even when they were still together.</blockquote>\n\n<p>— <a href=\"https://twitter.com/eevee/status/554409073962000386\">@eevee</a></p>"
tree_html = ""

[[tumblr.trail]]
content = "<p>The best analysis of Braid I&rsquo;ve ever read:</p>\n\n<blockquote><p> Maybe some of us are Tim. And we don&rsquo;t want to be Tim, whatever the cost. [&hellip;] Tim wanted the candy, but she wouldn&rsquo;t let him have it. He felt entitled to it, he got violent over it as best he could. And when he couldn&rsquo;t have it, he grew to resent her for taunting him with it, even though to her it was just the usual route home.</p></blockquote>\n\n<p>With an insightful Twitter postscript 6 months later:</p>\n\n<blockquote><p>one thing i&rsquo;d overlooked: the epilogue makes clear that tim was searching for the princess even when they were still together.</p></blockquote>\n\n<p>&mdash; <a href=\"https://twitter.com/eevee/status/554409073962000386\">@eevee</a></p>"
content_raw = "<p>The best analysis of Braid I’ve ever read:</p>\n\n<blockquote> Maybe some of us are Tim. And we don’t want to be Tim, whatever the cost. […] Tim wanted the candy, but she wouldn’t let him have it. He felt entitled to it, he got violent over it as best he could. And when he couldn’t have it, he grew to resent her for taunting him with it, even though to her it was just the usual route home.</blockquote>\n\n<p>With an insightful Twitter postscript 6 months later:</p>\n\n<blockquote>one thing i’d overlooked: the epilogue makes clear that tim was searching for the princess even when they were still together.</blockquote>\n\n<p>— <a href=\"https://twitter.com/eevee/status/554409073962000386\">@eevee</a></p>"
is_current_item = true
is_root_item = true

[tumblr.trail.blog]
active = true
can_be_followed = true
name = "indirect"
share_following = false
share_likes = false

[tumblr.trail.blog.theme]
avatar_shape = "square"
background_color = "#FAFAFA"
body_font = "Helvetica Neue"
header_bounds = ""
header_full_height = 1055.0
header_full_width = 3000.0
header_image = "https://64.media.tumblr.com/a81c88cba9f9993dee9ce842eeeeb4f5/84d3699f9a05799a-a8/s3000x1055/2604340bee8e127d6a4e05679599147382e03f70.png"
header_image_focused = "https://64.media.tumblr.com/a81c88cba9f9993dee9ce842eeeeb4f5/84d3699f9a05799a-a8/s2048x3072/784b420b1c071afb3c4929b68ee172cc5172063b.png"
header_image_poster = ""
header_image_scaled = "https://64.media.tumblr.com/a81c88cba9f9993dee9ce842eeeeb4f5/84d3699f9a05799a-a8/s2048x3072/784b420b1c071afb3c4929b68ee172cc5172063b.png"
header_stretch = true
link_color = "#529ECC"
show_avatar = true
show_description = true
show_header_image = false
show_title = true
title_color = "#444444"
title_font = "Gibson"
title_font_weight = "bold"

[tumblr.trail.post]
id = "107860012528"
+++
