+++
aliases = ["/post/18303512848/tv-is-broken"]
date = 2012-02-26T07:07:30Z
id = "18303512848"
slug = "tv-is-broken"
title = "TV Is Broken"
type = "tumblr-link"

[tumblr]
title = "TV Is Broken"
can_like = false
display_avatar = true
blog_name = "indirect"
is_blazed = false
is_blaze_pending = false
state = "published"
note_count = 579.0
publisher = "minimalmac.com"
timestamp = 1330240050.0
reblog_key = "AMWILBEe"
is_blocks_post_format = false
date = "2012-02-26 07:07:30 GMT"
summary = "TV Is Broken"
description = "<blockquote>\n<p>“Can I choose?”, Beatrix asks. She’s still confused. She thinks this is like home where one can choose from a selection of things to watch. […] I have to explain again that it does not work that way on television. That we have to watch whatever is on and, if there is nothing you want to watch that is on then you just have to turn it off. Which we do.</p></blockquote>"
interactability_reblog = "everyone"
interactability_blaze = "noone"
can_reply = false
id = 18303512848.0
can_blaze = false
format = "markdown"
should_open_in_legacy = true
post_url = "https://indirect.io/post/18303512848/tv-is-broken"
can_reblog = false
parent_post_url = "https://minimalmac.com/post/18189678921/tv-is-broken"
short_url = "https://tmblr.co/ZY3jbyH2_N4G"
bookmarklet = true
id_string = "18303512848"
slug = "tv-is-broken"
url = "http://minimalmac.com/post/18189678921/tv-is-broken"
can_send_in_message = true
type = "link"

[tumblr.blog]
uuid = "t:PgyUJU3SA2Klwyt81UWAwQ"
updated = 1739939727.0
can_show_badges = false
name = "indirect"
title = "indirect"
description = ""
url = "https://indirect.io/"

[tumblr.blog.tumblrmart_accessories]

[tumblr.reblog]
comment = "<p><blockquote>\n<p>“Can I choose?”, Beatrix asks. She’s still confused. She thinks this is like home where one can choose from a selection of things to watch. […] I have to explain again that it does not work that way on television. That we have to watch whatever is on and, if there is nothing you want to watch that is on then you just have to turn it off. Which we do.</p></blockquote></p>"
tree_html = ""

[[tumblr.trail]]
content_raw = "<p><blockquote>\n<p>“Can I choose?”, Beatrix asks. She’s still confused. She thinks this is like home where one can choose from a selection of things to watch. […] I have to explain again that it does not work that way on television. That we have to watch whatever is on and, if there is nothing you want to watch that is on then you just have to turn it off. Which we do.</p></blockquote></p>"
content = "<p><blockquote>\n<p>&ldquo;Can I choose?&rdquo;, Beatrix asks. She&rsquo;s still confused. She thinks this is like home where one can choose from a selection of things to watch. [&hellip;] I have to explain again that it does not work that way on television. That we have to watch whatever is on and, if there is nothing you want to watch that is on then you just have to turn it off. Which we do.</p></blockquote></p>"
is_current_item = true

[tumblr.trail.blog]
name = "indirect"
active = true
share_likes = false
share_following = false
can_be_followed = true

[tumblr.trail.blog.theme]
header_full_width = 3000.0
background_color = "#FAFAFA"
header_image = "https://64.media.tumblr.com/a81c88cba9f9993dee9ce842eeeeb4f5/84d3699f9a05799a-a8/s3000x1055/2604340bee8e127d6a4e05679599147382e03f70.png"
show_title = true
avatar_shape = "square"
body_font = "Helvetica Neue"
header_image_focused = "https://64.media.tumblr.com/a81c88cba9f9993dee9ce842eeeeb4f5/84d3699f9a05799a-a8/s2048x3072/784b420b1c071afb3c4929b68ee172cc5172063b.png"
header_stretch = true
link_color = "#529ECC"
title_font = "Gibson"
title_font_weight = "bold"
show_description = true
header_full_height = 1055.0
header_bounds = ""
header_image_poster = ""
header_image_scaled = "https://64.media.tumblr.com/a81c88cba9f9993dee9ce842eeeeb4f5/84d3699f9a05799a-a8/s2048x3072/784b420b1c071afb3c4929b68ee172cc5172063b.png"
show_avatar = true
show_header_image = false
title_color = "#444444"

[tumblr.trail.post]
id = "18303512848"
+++
