+++
aliases = ["/post/186549965933/realism"]
date = 2019-07-25T23:53:10Z
id = "186549965933"
slug = "realism"
title = "realism"
type = "tumblr-text"

[tumblr]
blog_name = "indirect"
body = "<p><a href=\"https://cvberstride.tumblr.com/post/148694735592/realism\" class=\"tumblr_blog\">cvberstride</a>:</p><blockquote>\n<h2>“soft” sci-fi</h2>\n<p><b>SPACE GUY 1:</b> We gotta shoot the enemy mans<b><br/>SPACE GUY 2:</b> Yeah lets do it let me grab my Cool Gun<br/><br/></p>\n<h2>hard sci-fi</h2>\n<p><b>SPACE GUY 1:</b> Sir we just saw the enemy mans’ bigbad fleet leave orbit through our telescopes. What do we do?<br/><b>SPACE GUY 2:</b> Johnson my man… let me tell you about my days in the Space War of 26669. Now the Badguys, they were pounding us hard with their Weapons. But then we figured something out. Something that’d read like an extremely basic exploitation of an obvious trick of high school physics, or a page of strategy adapted from the Wikipedia articles on United States military tactics. Humans climbed trees when we were monkeys because we dreamed about flying in space and we were born to own every planet in the universe. Let me tell you about Ron Paul and why our space station runs on the gold standard.<br/></p>\n</blockquote>"
can_blaze = false
can_like = false
can_reblog = false
can_reply = false
can_send_in_message = true
date = "2019-07-25 23:53:10 GMT"
display_avatar = true
format = "html"
id = 186549965933.0
id_string = "186549965933"
interactability_blaze = "noone"
interactability_reblog = "everyone"
is_blaze_pending = false
is_blazed = false
is_blocks_post_format = false
note_count = 11414.0
parent_post_url = "https://milkshakedoe.tumblr.com/post/148694735592/realism"
post_url = "https://indirect.io/post/186549965933/realism"
reblog_key = "wtgSKva2"
short_url = "https://tmblr.co/ZY3jby2jlFfHj"
should_open_in_legacy = false
slug = "realism"
state = "published"
summary = "realism"
timestamp = 1564098790.0
title = "realism"
type = "text"

[tumblr.blog]
can_show_badges = false
description = ""
name = "indirect"
title = "indirect"
updated = 1740184206.0
url = "https://indirect.io/"
uuid = "t:PgyUJU3SA2Klwyt81UWAwQ"

[tumblr.blog.tumblrmart_accessories]

[tumblr.reblog]
comment = ""
tree_html = "<p><a href=\"https://cvberstride.tumblr.com/post/148694735592/realism\" class=\"tumblr_blog\">cvberstride</a>:</p><blockquote>\n<h2>“soft” sci-fi</h2>\n<p><b>SPACE GUY 1:</b> We gotta shoot the enemy mans<b><br>SPACE GUY 2:</b> Yeah lets do it let me grab my Cool Gun<br><br></p>\n<h2>hard sci-fi</h2>\n<p><b>SPACE GUY 1:</b> Sir we just saw the enemy mans’ bigbad fleet leave orbit through our telescopes. What do we do?<br><b>SPACE GUY 2:</b> Johnson my man… let me tell you about my days in the Space War of 26669. Now the Badguys, they were pounding us hard with their Weapons. But then we figured something out. Something that’d read like an extremely basic exploitation of an obvious trick of high school physics, or a page of strategy adapted from the Wikipedia articles on United States military tactics. Humans climbed trees when we were monkeys because we dreamed about flying in space and we were born to own every planet in the universe. Let me tell you about Ron Paul and why our space station runs on the gold standard.<br></p>\n</blockquote>"

[[tumblr.trail]]
content = "<p><h2>&ldquo;soft&rdquo; sci-fi</h2>\n<p><b>SPACE GUY 1:</b> We gotta shoot the enemy mans<b><br />SPACE GUY 2:</b> Yeah lets do it let me grab my Cool Gun<br /><br /></p>\n<h2>hard sci-fi</h2>\n<p><b>SPACE GUY 1:</b> Sir we just saw the enemy mans&rsquo; bigbad fleet leave orbit through our telescopes. What do we do?<br /><b>SPACE GUY 2:</b> Johnson my man&hellip; let me tell you about my days in the Space War of 26669. Now the Badguys, they were pounding us hard with their Weapons. But then we figured something out. Something that&rsquo;d read like an extremely basic exploitation of an obvious trick of high school physics, or a page of strategy adapted from the Wikipedia articles on United States military tactics. Humans climbed trees when we were monkeys because we dreamed about flying in space and we were born to own every planet in the universe. Let me tell you about Ron Paul and why our space station runs on the gold standard.<br /></p></p>"
content_raw = "<p><h2>“soft” sci-fi</h2>\n<p><b>SPACE GUY 1:</b> We gotta shoot the enemy mans<b><br>SPACE GUY 2:</b> Yeah lets do it let me grab my Cool Gun<br><br></p>\n<h2>hard sci-fi</h2>\n<p><b>SPACE GUY 1:</b> Sir we just saw the enemy mans’ bigbad fleet leave orbit through our telescopes. What do we do?<br><b>SPACE GUY 2:</b> Johnson my man… let me tell you about my days in the Space War of 26669. Now the Badguys, they were pounding us hard with their Weapons. But then we figured something out. Something that’d read like an extremely basic exploitation of an obvious trick of high school physics, or a page of strategy adapted from the Wikipedia articles on United States military tactics. Humans climbed trees when we were monkeys because we dreamed about flying in space and we were born to own every planet in the universe. Let me tell you about Ron Paul and why our space station runs on the gold standard.<br></p></p>"
is_root_item = true

[tumblr.trail.blog]
active = true
can_be_followed = true
name = "cvberstride"
share_following = false
share_likes = false

[tumblr.trail.blog.theme]
avatar_shape = "square"
background_color = "#FAFAFA"
body_font = "Helvetica Neue"
header_bounds = ""
header_image = "https://assets.tumblr.com/images/default_header/optica_pattern_08.png?_v=f0f055039bb6136b9661cf2227b535c2"
header_image_focused = "https://assets.tumblr.com/images/default_header/optica_pattern_08_focused_v3.png?_v=f0f055039bb6136b9661cf2227b535c2"
header_image_poster = ""
header_image_scaled = "https://assets.tumblr.com/images/default_header/optica_pattern_08_focused_v3.png?_v=f0f055039bb6136b9661cf2227b535c2"
header_stretch = true
link_color = "#529ECC"
show_avatar = true
show_description = true
show_header_image = true
show_title = true
title_color = "#444444"
title_font = "Gibson"
title_font_weight = "bold"

[tumblr.trail.post]
id = "148694735592"
+++
